=head1 NAME

objcmp - compare files while potentially ignoring datestamps

=head1 SYNOPSIS

objcmp [-d] [-s] [-v] file1 file2

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<Objcmp> compares any two files and returns an exit status of 0 iff
they are known to be I<semantically identical>. The two files are first
mapped into memory and the initial blocks compared. If both files are
recognized as a binary type (currently .exe, .dll, .obj, and .lib on
Windows and .a on Unix) which is known to embed date stamps and/or
version data, the offsets containing these meaningless-at-runtime
fields are zeroed.  Then, whether any fields were zeroed or not, the
two blocks of memory are compared byte for byte.

No guarantee is made that files which compare I<different> are in fact
I<semantically different>. B<Objcmp> can only try to ignore those
fields which it I<knows> to have no runtime effect. Thus it can be used
as a replacement for the traditional B<cmp> program but adds value over
other B<cmp> programs only for recognized file formats.

=head1 OPTIONS

The following options are supported:

=over 4

=item -h

Print a short usage message summarizing the known flags.

=item -d

Dumb mode - do a brute force comparison. In other words, behave like
the classic Unix B<cmp> program.

=item -s

Silent mode - print no output. The result of the compare is
boolean and available in the return code.

=item -v

Verbose mode - print identical files too. Prints a message indicating
that two files compared I<semantically identical>.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2006 David Boyce.  All rights reserved.
This program and associated documentation are licensed under
the terms of the GNU General Public License. See the included
COPYING file for details.
